docs(examples): add Python API client example (#3724)
opencost/opencost: examples/python-api-client/README.md

- Python 3.8+
- A running OpenCost instance (default: `http://localhost:9003`)

## Installation

```bash
cd examples/python-api-client
python -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

By default, the script connects to `http://localhost:9003`. Override this by setting the `OPENCOST_URL` environment variable:

```bash
# Default endpoint
python opencost_client.py

# Custom endpoint
export OPENCOST_URL="http://opencost.your-cluster.local:9003"
python opencost_client.py
```

## Sample Output

```
Connecting to OpenCost at http://localhost:9003 ...
------------------------------------------------------------

📊 Namespace Allocation (Last 24h)
Namespace                                 CPU         RAM        Total
----------------------------------------------------------------------
__idle__                              $0.0234     $0.0156     $0.0390
kube-system                           $0.0123     $0.0089     $0.0212
default                               $0.0056     $0.0034     $0.0090

📦 Top Deployments by Cost (Last 24h)
Deployment                                   Total Cost
-------------------------------------------------------

> kube-system/coredns                        $0.0034
> default/nginx-deployment                   $0.0021
> 

Reviewer: The sample output doesn't match what the script would actually produce.

When aggregating by just `"deployment"`, the allocation key is only the controller name (e.g., `coredns`), **not** `namespace/deployment`. I verified this in the codebase — `allocationprops.go:389-395,551` builds the key from only the aggregation dimensions requested, then joins with `/`. With a single dimension, there's no prefix.

To get `kube-system/coredns` you'd need `aggregate="namespace,deployment"`. Either:
- Update the script to use `aggregate="namespace,deployment"`, or
- Fix the sample output to show just `coredns`, `nginx-deployment`, etc.

```suggestion
kube-system/coredns                        $0.0034
default/nginx-deployment                   $0.0021
```

(I'd lean toward option 1 since `namespace/deployment` is more useful information to display.)

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

✅ Done!
```

## Next Steps

> - See the full [OpenCost API documentation](https://www.opencost.io/docs/api) for additional endpoints such as `/assets`, `/cloudCost`, and `/aggregator/allocation`.

Reviewer: `/aggregator/allocation` is not a route served by this codebase. The actual registered routes (in `pkg/costmodel/router.go` and `pkg/cmd/costmodel/costmodel.go`) are:

- `/allocation` and `/allocation/summary`
- `/allocation/compute` and `/allocation/compute/summary`
- `/assets`
- `/cloudCost`

```suggestion
- See the full [OpenCost API documentation](https://www.opencost.io/docs/api) for additional endpoints such as `/allocation/compute/summary`, `/assets`, and `/cloudCost`.
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_
